# School_District_Analysis
Module 4 Panda /Anaconda

## 1. Explain the purpose of this analysis
The objective of this analys is to modify the information in the students_complete.csv file with NAN, the ninth grade grades of the Thomas High School (THS), since it was detected that there were dishonest acts, so it is necessary to perform the analysis of the results again and determinate how the information was affected with those changes.

## 2. Results:
Once the information was modified to eliminate the data that was doubtful, the information analysis process is carried out again, where it gives us the following results:

### District summary affected
The original data without NAN of the sum of districts shows the following data (image 1)
image 1 [https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/Orignal_District_%20sum.png]

The total number of students at Thomas High School (THS) before the information was reprocessed is 39,170 students, once the ninth grade math and reading students were eliminated, a total of 38,709 remained, so 461 students were eliminated.

In the image 2 we can see how affect the averages in math and reading passing.

image 2[https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/Challenge/Resources/Result%20total%20school%20average.png]

The comparaty table show us that the impact in the numbers was almos 1% below

image [https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/result%20total%20percent%20change%20district.png]

### School summary affected

An analysis of the THS data has been made where we can see the impact it had with the elimination of the data that was considered to have been altered. like we show us in the image 3.

The information inside the green box is the original, that is, it is the information without having been manipulated.
The information inside the reed box is the total information without 9th grade.
The information inside the brown box is the information only of 10th to 12th grade.

image 3 [https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/School_summary_affected.png]

The information inside the red box shows the numbers that were generated once the 9th grade math and reading data was removed, what you can see is the following:
- Average math score code had a decrease of 0.07%
- Average reading score had a decrease of 0.05%
-% Passing Math had a decrease of 28.26%
-% Passing reading had a decrease of 28.4%
- % Overall passing had a decrease of 28.4%

The information inside the brown box shows the numbers that were generated by taking the information for grades 10th through 12th.
- Average math score code had a decrease of 0.07%
- Average reading score had a decrease of 0.05%
-% Passing Math had a decrease of 0.09%
-% Passing reading had a decrease of 0.28%
- % Overall passing had a decrease of 0.64%


### How does replacing the ninth grade´s math and reagin scores affect Thomas Hight School´s performnce relative to the other schools
-
    - Math and reading scores by grade
      the image 4 we can see how took of tha 9th grade and show us all grades.
      image 4 [https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/Challenge/Resources/Result%20math%26reading%20score%20per%20school.png]

    - Scores by school spending
      in the range $630-644	that is where THS is positioned there was a decrease, because 9th grade didn´t count.
      
    - Scores by school size
      Score by size had a decrease in the data of 28.4% at 9th grade, like THS is a medium scholl we can see that affectacion in this row.
    
    - Scores by school type
      there are a decresase in the median row, because THS is the category to wichts belongs, but as we have already mentioned in the previous points, the decrease is a maximum of 28.4%.
      

## Summary
- Thomas high school has a total of 1635 students, in the ninth grade it has 461 students who were eliminated  from the information, that is, the math and reading scores were eliminated from the total number of students, 28.19%.

- Size of the school not afected because the director didin´t say about if the 9th grade student´s will be drivent out. 

- Totatl budget and student budget stay same because the director o responsable people didn´t mention about what happend with the 9th grade students, only mentioned about don´t count the math and reading scores.

- the following image summarizes the changes in averages were eliminated.
image [https://github.com/cbello03061/School_District_Analysis/blob/main/summary%20changes.png]